{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red19\green41\blue76;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c9412\c21961\c37255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs22 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hi Max,\
\
This is really good, and I\'92m happy to see the manuscript is getting closer to submission, especially knowing how much work already went into this! \
\
Attached are my comments. My only general manuscript comment is on the discussion, which could still be shortened and condensed. The other general comment is on the supplement, where I suggest to either drop some of the figures, or add brief descriptions to the main text, e.g. of the data, to justify including them. \
\
About your points below: I\'92m fine either way re growth-scaling (Fig. 1) and don\'92t have a strong preference. It could stay but is not needed, and instead could make for a nice short communication. The diagnostics overall look satisfactory to me, not perfect, but neither worrisome. Maybe test a few more option for how to model the variance in the polynomial model? \
\
I suggest that once you have addressed all of our comments, you transfer to PNAS template and create a clean version that we can then polish along with the cover letter.  \
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 I finally found the time to finish the last bit of commenting (on the main draft) \'96 sorry that it took so long. (I\'92ll try to have a go at the supplement in the coming weeks, but I have full time teaching for the next couple of weeks.)
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 This ms is getting even better! I like your rewriting so far. I agree with Jan that the discussion needs another thorough work over, but you\'92re already on your way there. I\'92ve suggested some rearrangements and also further shortening.
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 Another major thing struck me though (or maybe I\'92ve missed or misunderstood something):
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 We aren\'92t checking for a mass-temperature interaction in the polynomial model for consumption, are we? What is our argument for \ul \ulc3 not\ulnone  testing for that? I think we should. (Maybe the lack of an interaction also explains the residuals you got before you let var incr with mass?). But that\'92s lots more work of course, so what do you think? Or have I missed something fundamental?
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 \'a0
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 As for your questions: 1. I\'92m fine either way you want to go with the growth scaling (agree it would be a pity to \'91hide\'92 it in the supplement though), 2. The diagnostics are good enough I think, 3. I like that you use a more general form to describe the hierarchical model
\f1\fs24 \cf2 \

\f0\fs22 \cf3 \'a0}